hi guys its keen to name all became from
Channel five hundred general Keane 05
first line portent because today I got
channel in the mail I don't usually do
these kind of things on boxing but I
fault this time I'm going to so let's
pick it I do know what this is by the
night this isn't going to be some kind
of a prize is a lot easier to open we
use it off on whether he was my bare
fists and half benefits by making jokes
somebody alright that's how the hell up
I lab on it all the way just wanna
Spencer home record in the history
forever I got it almost wholly haven't
got it this is no school
flash we just got a sharper knife I am
excited this haven't got up this early
in a while it's hot aight i believe the
body walks to the post office it back so
why don't i woke up nice tip smells okay
both the tape all thought is up what am
i doing this hard way okay rip into this
is a powder tower all set I'm slightly
worried this is not the n64 what what
the hell is going on oh wait is this
just er yeah this is it ah cool there's
two other three games got a little show
you in a minute power adapter put other
one of the wires oh look even one of
these I have one ready but
and there it is isn't that so so cool
there is Sigma at all why'd I say it
like that now i'll show you the other
games in a minute but lots of it helps
i've got a jacket women as well a small
jacket that's nice thank you that's been
bonus all right then so in the box is
empty and look so here is my new n64
diamond Domna sure i'm gonna try
plugging a cartridge in there looking
buddies WF no mess but i got with it my
64 pokemon stadium 2 is it too no just
the first one is that it was a second
one do can you come 64 haha double WF no
mercy this is probably really great
bones of games and I'm going to send
this video to the person who I bought
this problem which is a crazy thing to
do because it shouldn't send L to London
people but if you're watching this
person i bought this off thank you so
much this is amazing this is oh wow this
is in good hands I'm gonna be in good
hands I just only said that and when the
n64 was coming I already bought two
games for it I'll go get them here were
two amazing games Banjo Kazooie and the
legend of zelda ocarina of time so
basically I just showing adjusted urban
n64 collection video technically so I'm
gone from having this mo'nin and 64
games to this to this Wow controller
feels so weird to hold a little why
pretty good and I've got all this 120
quid this n64 the page 164 tio
controllers in four games never got
would have found a better deal than that
this has been far fetched in our Kings
them all and thanks for watching it was
this house that
what is that what I'm not familiar with
the n54 so that all that is as its
before amazing i'm going to be playing
this all week it's been alleged iran
he's a 95 i'm watching this has been my
first unboxing probably the last one
probably a lot a long time by and as you
can see mine 64 is looking good next to
my wii and ps3 and Pikachu's cheeks are
glowing while legend of zeldathe we
don't I in the cartridge slot so yeah
this gets our fault from me I assumed
out of it discuss informant from me yeah
so thanks for watching spread time I
said that but